2024 doc updates (#299)
mathworks/jenkins-matlab-plugin: CONFIGDOC.md

<img width="full" alt="run_matlab_build" src="https://github.com/mathworks/jenkins-matlab-plugin/assets/48831250/76429047-7c4d-4a2a-81ac-51001370a1b5">

You can specify build options for your MATLAB build by first selecting **Build options**  and then populating the box that appears in the step configuration interface. For example, specify `-continueOnFailure` to continue running the MATLAB build upon a build environment setup or task failure. If you specify more than one build option, use a space to separate them (for example, `-continueOnFailure -skip test`).  The plugin supports the same [options](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/buildtool.html#mw_50c0f35e-93df-4579-963d-f59f2fba1dba) that you can pass to the `buildtool` command.

MATLAB exits with exit code 0 if the specified tasks run without error. Otherwise, MATLAB terminates with a nonzero exit code, which causes the step to fail.

> You can access the result of running a MATLAB build interactively in your Jenkins Interface. After your build runs, the Jenkins build summary page displays the number of tasks that ran, failed, and were skipped. If your build ran successfully, you can click the **MATLAB Build Result** link on the page to access the table of task results. This table provides information about each task that was part of the MATLAB build. Clicking a task name in the table gives you access to relevant build log information in **Console Output**.

Reviewer: I don't think the "I" in "interface" needs to be capitalized here? Or is the "Jenkins Interface" a formal thing in the Jenkins doc?

Reviewer: Also, I think we may need some words around "Console Output." Maybe "... information in the **Console Output** tab"

I don't think this affects understanding though, so no big deal if not.

Author: Thanks for spotting the casing issue. Fixed it.

Regarding the **Console Output** part, I will consult the editor at the editorial review phase. **Console Output** appears as a tab/option name as well as a page title.

> You can access the result of running a MATLAB build interactively in your . After your build runs, the Jenkins build summary page displays the number of tasks that ran, failed, and were skipped. If your build ran successfully, you can click the **MATLAB Build Result** link on the page to access the table of task results. This table provides information about each task that was part of the MATLAB build. Clicking a task name in the table gives you access to relevant build log information in **Console Output**.

Reviewer 2: Is it correct ? "interactively in your." "After your build runs" may be we may not need in your

Author: Oh, good catch. Thanks! I should have mistakenly removed "Jenkins interface." Fixed it.

> You can access the result of running a MATLAB build interactively in your . After your build runs, the Jenkins build summary page displays the number of tasks that ran, failed, and were skipped. If your build ran successfully, you can click the **MATLAB Build Result** link on the page to access the table of task results. This table provides information about each task that was part of the MATLAB build. Clicking a task name in the table gives you access to relevant build log information in **Console Output**.

Reviewer 2: Also Do we need screen shot to show how it might look ?

Author: I don't think so. The feature is self-explanatory. Besides, this plugin configuration page contains only config-level screenshots. Result-related screenshots could lead to confusion.

#### Run MATLAB Tests
The **Run MATLAB Tests** build step lets you run MATLAB and Simulink tests and generate artifacts, such as test results in JUnit-style XML format and code coverage results in Cobertura XML format. By default, the plugin includes any test files in your [MATLAB project](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/projects.html) that have a `Test` label. If your build does not use a MATLAB project, or if it uses a MATLAB release before R2019a, then the plugin includes all tests in the root of your repository and in any of its subfolders.
 

> You can customize the **Run MATLAB Tests** build step in the step configuration interface. For example, you can add source folders to the MATLAB search path, control which tests to run, and generate test and coverage artifacts. If you do not select any of the existing options, all the tests in your project run, and any test failure causes the step to fail.

Author: @sameagen-MW: Please carefully review the paragraph on line 99 w.r.t. the -sd option.

Reviewer: I think that paragraph still works, and I prefer it to the alternative of specifically calling out the behavior with `-sd`. If we get any xBug reports then we should revisit the issue and consider adding another sentence to clarify but for now I have no flags.

Input                     | Description
------------------------- | ---------------
`tasks`                   | <p>(Optional) Tasks to run, specified as a list of task names separated by spaces. If you specify the step without this input (for example, `runMATLABBuild()`),  the plugin runs the default tasks in `buildfile.m` as well as all the tasks on which they depend.</p><p>MATLAB exits with exit code 0 if the tasks run without error. Otherwise, MATLAB terminates with a nonzero exit code, which causes the step to fail.</p><p>**Example:** `tasks: 'test'`<br/>**Example:** `tasks: 'compile test'`</p>

> `buildOptions`           | <p>(Optional) MATLAB build options, specified as a list of options separated by spaces. The plugin supports the same [options](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/buildtool.html#mw_50c0f35e-93df-4579-963d-f59f2fba1dba) that you can pass to the `buildtool` command when running a MATLAB build.<p/><p>**Example:** `buildOptions: -continueOnFailure`<br/>**Example:** `buildOptions: -continueOnFailure -skip test`</p>

Reviewer 3: Seems like these examples should be wrapped in quotes to be consistent with tasks and startup options.

```suggestion
`buildOptions`           | <p>(Optional) MATLAB build options, specified as a list of options separated by spaces. The plugin supports the same [options](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/buildtool.html#mw_50c0f35e-93df-4579-963d-f59f2fba1dba) that you can pass to the `buildtool` command when running a MATLAB build.<p/><p>**Example:** `buildOptions: '-continueOnFailure'`<br/>**Example:** `buildOptions: '-continueOnFailure -skip test'`</p>

```

Author: Great comment. Thanks!

> `startupOptions`         | <p>(Optional) MATLAB startup options, specified as a list of options separated by spaces. For more information about startup options, see [Commonly Used Startup Options](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/matlab_env/commonly-used-startup-options.html).</p><p>Using this input to specify the `-batch` or `-r` option is not supported.</p><p>**Example:** `startupOptions: '-nojvm'`<br/>**Example:** `startupOptions: '-nojvm -logfile "output.log"'`</p>

Reviewer: Same comment about quotes not being necessary around `output.log`

Author: Done.

Input                     | Description
------------------------- | ---------------
`command`                 | <p>(Required) Script, function, or statement to execute. If the value of `command` is the name of a MATLAB script or function, do not specify the file extension. If you specify more than one script, function, or statement, use a comma or semicolon to separate them.</p><p>MATLAB exits with exit code 0 if the specified script, function, or statement executes without error. Otherwise, MATLAB terminates with a nonzero exit code, which causes the step to fail. To fail the step in certain conditions, use the [`assert`](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/assert.html) or [`error`](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/ref/error.html) function.</p><p>**Example:** `command: 'myscript'`<br/>**Example:** `command: 'results = runtests, assertSuccess(results);'`</p>

> `startupOptions`         | <p>(Optional) MATLAB startup options, specified as a list of options separated by spaces. For more information about startup options, see [Commonly Used Startup Options](https://www.mathworks.com/help/matlab/matlab_env/commonly-used-startup-options.html).</p><p>Using this input to specify the `-batch` or `-r` option is not supported.</p><p>**Example:** `startupOptions: '-nojvm'`<br/>**Example:** `startupOptions: '-nojvm -logfile "output.log"'`</p>

Reviewer: Ditto with `output.log`

Author: Done.
